but where
but where from the Lord Stan
from the Lord Stan
from the Lord Stan the gate of the Lord's house and
the gate of the Lord's house and
the gate of the Lord's house and proclaimed there this world and say hear
proclaimed there this world and say hear
proclaimed there this world and say hear the word of the Lord all you of Judah
the word of the Lord all you of Judah
the word of the Lord all you of Judah who enter in at these gates to worship
who enter in at these gates to worship
who enter in at these gates to worship the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts the
the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts the
the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel amend your ways and your
God of Israel amend your ways and your
God of Israel amend your ways and your doings and I will cause you to dwell in
doings and I will cause you to dwell in
doings and I will cause you to dwell in this place do not trust in these lying
this place do not trust in these lying
this place do not trust in these lying words saying the Temple of the Lord the
words saying the Temple of the Lord the
words saying the Temple of the Lord the Temple of the Lord the Temple of the
Temple of the Lord the Temple of the
Temple of the Lord the Temple of the Lord are these for if you thoroughly
Lord are these for if you thoroughly
Lord are these for if you thoroughly amend your ways and your doings
amend your ways and your doings
amend your ways and your doings if you thoroughly execute judgment
if you thoroughly execute judgment
if you thoroughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbor if you do
between a man and his neighbor if you do
between a man and his neighbor if you do not oppress the stranger the fatherless
not oppress the stranger the fatherless
not oppress the stranger the fatherless and the widow and do not shed innocent
and the widow and do not shed innocent
and the widow and do not shed innocent blood in this place or walk after other
blood in this place or walk after other
blood in this place or walk after other gods to your hurt then I will cause you
gods to your hurt then I will cause you
gods to your hurt then I will cause you to dwell in this place in the land that
to dwell in this place in the land that
to dwell in this place in the land that I gave to your father's forever and ever
I gave to your father's forever and ever
I gave to your father's forever and ever behold you trust in lying words that
behold you trust in lying words that
behold you trust in lying words that cannot profit will you steal murder
cannot profit will you steal murder
cannot profit will you steal murder commit adultery swear falsely burn
commit adultery swear falsely burn
commit adultery swear falsely burn incense to veil and walk after other
incense to veil and walk after other
incense to veil and walk after other gods whom you do not know and then come
gods whom you do not know and then come
gods whom you do not know and then come and stand before me in this house which
and stand before me in this house which
and stand before me in this house which is called by my name and say we are
is called by my name and say we are
is called by my name and say we are delivered to do all these abominations
delivered to do all these abominations
delivered to do all these abominations has this house which is called by my
has this house which is called by my
has this house which is called by my name become a den of thieves in your
name become a den of thieves in your
name become a den of thieves in your eyes behold I even I have seen it but go
eyes behold I even I have seen it but go
eyes behold I even I have seen it but go now to my place which was in Shiloh
now to my place which was in Shiloh
now to my place which was in Shiloh where I set my name at the first and see
where I set my name at the first and see
where I set my name at the first and see what I did to it because of the
what I did to it because of the
what I did to it because of the wickedness of my people Israel
wickedness of my people Israel
wickedness of my people Israel and now because you have done all these
and now because you have done all these
and now because you have done all these work says the Lord and I spoke to you
work says the Lord and I spoke to you
work says the Lord and I spoke to you rising up early and speaking but you did
rising up early and speaking but you did
rising up early and speaking but you did not hear and I called you but you did
not hear and I called you but you did
not hear and I called you but you did not answer therefore I will do to the
not answer therefore I will do to the
not answer therefore I will do to the house which is called by my name in
house which is called by my name in
house which is called by my name in which you trust and to this place which
which you trust and to this place which
which you trust and to this place which I gave to you and your father's as I
I gave to you and your father's as I
I gave to you and your father's as I have done to Shiloh and I will cast you
have done to Shiloh and I will cast you
have done to Shiloh and I will cast you out of my sight as I have cast out all
out of my sight as I have cast out all
out of my sight as I have cast out all your brethren the whole posterity of
your brethren the whole posterity of
your brethren the whole posterity of Ephraim therefore do not pray for this
Ephraim therefore do not pray for this
Ephraim therefore do not pray for this people nor lift up a cry or prayer for
people nor lift up a cry or prayer for
people nor lift up a cry or prayer for them nor make intercession to me for I
them nor make intercession to me for I
them nor make intercession to me for I will not hear you do you not see what
will not hear you do you not see what
will not hear you do you not see what they do in the cities of Judah and in
they do in the cities of Judah and in
they do in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem the children
the streets of Jerusalem the children
the streets of Jerusalem the children gather would the father's kindled the
gather would the father's kindled the
gather would the father's kindled the fire and the women need dough to make
fire and the women need dough to make
fire and the women need dough to make cakes for the Queen of Heaven and they
cakes for the Queen of Heaven and they
cakes for the Queen of Heaven and they pour out drink offerings to other gods
pour out drink offerings to other gods
pour out drink offerings to other gods that they may provoke me to anger do
that they may provoke me to anger do
that they may provoke me to anger do they provoke me to anger says the Lord
they provoke me to anger says the Lord
they provoke me to anger says the Lord do they not provoke themselves to the
do they not provoke themselves to the
do they not provoke themselves to the shame of their own faces therefore thus
shame of their own faces therefore thus
shame of their own faces therefore thus says the Lord God behold my anger and my
says the Lord God behold my anger and my
says the Lord God behold my anger and my fury will be poured out on this place on
fury will be poured out on this place on
fury will be poured out on this place on man and on beasts on the trees of the
man and on beasts on the trees of the
man and on beasts on the trees of the field and on the fruit of the ground and
field and on the fruit of the ground and
field and on the fruit of the ground and it will burn and not be quenched thus
it will burn and not be quenched thus
it will burn and not be quenched thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel add your burnt offerings to your
add your burnt offerings to your
add your burnt offerings to your sacrifices and eat meat for I did not
sacrifices and eat meat for I did not
sacrifices and eat meat for I did not speak to your fathers or command them in
speak to your fathers or command them in
speak to your fathers or command them in the day that I brought them out of the
the day that I brought them out of the
the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt concerning burnt offerings
land of Egypt concerning burnt offerings
land of Egypt concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices but this is what I
or sacrifices but this is what I
or sacrifices but this is what I commanded them saying obey my voice
commanded them saying obey my voice
commanded them saying obey my voice and I will be your God and you shall be
and I will be your God and you shall be
and I will be your God and you shall be my people and walk in all the ways that
my people and walk in all the ways that
my people and walk in all the ways that I have commanded you that it may be well
I have commanded you that it may be well
I have commanded you that it may be well with you
with you
with you yet they did not obey or incline their
yet they did not obey or incline their
yet they did not obey or incline their ear but followed the counsels
ear but followed the counsels
ear but followed the counsels and the dictates of their evil hearts
and the dictates of their evil hearts
and the dictates of their evil hearts and went backward and not forward since
and went backward and not forward since
and went backward and not forward since the day that your fathers came out of
the day that your fathers came out of
the day that your fathers came out of the land of Egypt until this day I have
the land of Egypt until this day I have
the land of Egypt until this day I have even sent to you all my servants the
even sent to you all my servants the
even sent to you all my servants the prophets daily rising up early and
prophets daily rising up early and
prophets daily rising up early and sending them yet they did not obey me or
sending them yet they did not obey me or
sending them yet they did not obey me or incline their ear but stiffened their
incline their ear but stiffened their
incline their ear but stiffened their neck they did worse than their fathers
neck they did worse than their fathers
neck they did worse than their fathers therefore you shall speak all these
therefore you shall speak all these
therefore you shall speak all these words to them but they will not obey Him
words to them but they will not obey Him
words to them but they will not obey Him you shall also call to them but they
you shall also call to them but they
you shall also call to them but they will not answer you so you shall say to
will not answer you so you shall say to
will not answer you so you shall say to them this is a nation that does not obey
them this is a nation that does not obey
them this is a nation that does not obey the voice of the Lord their God nor
the voice of the Lord their God nor
the voice of the Lord their God nor receive correction truth has perished
receive correction truth has perished
receive correction truth has perished and has been cut off from their mouth
and has been cut off from their mouth
and has been cut off from their mouth cut off your hair and cast it away and
cut off your hair and cast it away and
cut off your hair and cast it away and take up a lamentation on the desolate
take up a lamentation on the desolate
take up a lamentation on the desolate heights for the Lord has rejected and
heights for the Lord has rejected and
heights for the Lord has rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath for
forsaken the generation of his wrath for
forsaken the generation of his wrath for the children of Judah have done evil in
the children of Judah have done evil in
the children of Judah have done evil in my sight says the Lord they have set
my sight says the Lord they have set
my sight says the Lord they have set their abominations in the house which is
their abominations in the house which is
their abominations in the house which is called by my name to pollute it and they
called by my name to pollute it and they
called by my name to pollute it and they have built the high places of toph it
have built the high places of toph it
have built the high places of toph it which is in the valley of the son of
which is in the valley of the son of
which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom to burn their sons and their
Hinnom to burn their sons and their
Hinnom to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire which I did not
daughters in the fire which I did not
daughters in the fire which I did not command nor did it come into my heart
command nor did it come into my heart
command nor did it come into my heart therefore behold the days are coming
therefore behold the days are coming
therefore behold the days are coming says the Lord when it will no more be
says the Lord when it will no more be
says the Lord when it will no more be called toe Fateh or the valley of the
called toe Fateh or the valley of the
called toe Fateh or the valley of the son of Hinnom
son of Hinnom
son of Hinnom but the valley of slaughter for they
but the valley of slaughter for they
but the valley of slaughter for they will bury aunt ofit until there is no
will bury aunt ofit until there is no
will bury aunt ofit until there is no room the corpses of this people will be
room the corpses of this people will be
room the corpses of this people will be food for the birds of the heaven and for
food for the birds of the heaven and for
food for the birds of the heaven and for the beasts of the earth and no one will
the beasts of the earth and no one will
the beasts of the earth and no one will frighten them away then I will cause to
frighten them away then I will cause to
frighten them away then I will cause to cease from the cities of Judah and from
cease from the cities of Judah and from
cease from the cities of Judah and from the streets of Jerusalem the voice of
the streets of Jerusalem the voice of
the streets of Jerusalem the voice of mirth and the voice of gladness the
mirth and the voice of gladness the
mirth and the voice of gladness the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride for the land shall be desolate